README.md, before:

[![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/lowie2727/databases-project/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lowie2727/databases-project/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)

# databases-project

running race

## run program

JDK 11 or higher required

to build the program, execute the following command
```bash
./gradlew build --build-cache --parallel --no-watch-fs
```

to run the program, execute the following command
```bash
./gradlew run --build-cache --parallel --no-watch-fs
```

## TODO
- [x] add runners
- [x] edit runners
- [x] delete runners across the database
- [ ] improving UI

implementing Jdbi and model
- [ ] global_ranking
- [x] race
- [x] runner
- [ ] runner_race
- [x] segment
- [ ] segment_times
- [x] volunteer
- [ ] volunteer_race

## analyse code with PMD

edit the build.gradle file in the pmd section to the correct file location (and uncomment line)

if you want your build to fail, set ignoreFailures to false

```groovy
pmd {
    toolVersion = "6.52.0"
    //ruleSetFiles("path:\\to\\project\\top\\directory\\databases-project\\src\\main\\resources\\pmd\\pmdRules.xml")
    ignoreFailures = true
}
```

to test the program, execute the gradlew build command (generates html file)

## diagram

![diagram](/diagram/diagram.svg)

Commit message:

added race screen + update README.md
add, edit and delete race implemented. Dummy value when adding race or runners is now -1 instead of 0 for numbers.

README.md, after:

[![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/lowie2727/databases-project/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lowie2727/databases-project/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)

# databases-project

running race

## run program

JDK 11 or higher required

to build the program, execute the following command
```bash
./gradlew build --build-cache --parallel --no-watch-fs
```

to run the program, execute the following command
```bash
./gradlew run --build-cache --parallel --no-watch-fs
```

## TODO
- [x] add runners
- [x] edit runners
- [x] delete runners across the database
- [ ] add login screen for admins (no plaintext password)
- [ ] add screen for registration of runners (no login required)
- [ ] date should be saved in ISO 8601 format (no open text entry)
- [ ] improving UI

implementing Jdbi and model
- [ ] global_ranking
- [x] race
- [x] runner
- [ ] runner_race
- [x] segment
- [ ] segment_times
- [x] volunteer
- [ ] volunteer_race

## analyse code with PMD

edit the build.gradle file in the pmd section to the correct file location (and uncomment line)

if you want your build to fail, set ignoreFailures to false

```groovy
pmd {
    toolVersion = "6.52.0"
    //ruleSetFiles("path:\\to\\project\\top\\directory\\databases-project\\src\\main\\resources\\pmd\\pmdRules.xml")
    ignoreFailures = true
}
```

to test the program, execute the gradlew build command (generates html file)

## diagram

![diagram](/diagram/diagram.svg)
